Feature/operator controller containers override (#48)
ansible-community/awx-operator-helm: README.md

    env:
    - name: ANSIBLE_GATHERING
      value: explicit
    - name: ANSIBLE_DEBUG_LOGS
      value: "true" # default was "false"
    - name: WATCH_NAMESPACE
      valueFrom:
        fieldRef:
          fieldPath: metadata.namespace

operator-controller:
  spec:
    # replicas is an example spec for the deployment
    replicas: 2
    # template drills down into the pod that will be manaeg
    template:
      spec:
        # This is a pod-level override, so it can be applied here
        # and not worry about container list semantics
        securityContext:
          fsGroup: 2000

```

> Currently, this field cannot be used to add additional containers to the operator controller deployment

### AWX

| Value | Description | Default |
|---|---|---|
| `AWX.enabled` | Enable this AWX resource configuration | `false` |
| `AWX.name` | The name of the AWX resource and default prefix for other resources | `"awx"` |
| `AWX.annotations` | add annotations to the AWX resource | `{}` |
| `AWX.labels` | add labels to the AWX resource | `{}` |
| `AWX.spec` | specs to directly configure the AWX resource | `{}` |
| `AWX.postgres` | configurations for the external postgres secret | - |

> The `AWX.postgres` section simplifies the creation of the external postgres secret. If enabled, the configs provided will automatically be placed in a `postgres-config` secret and linked to the `AWX` resource. For proper secret management, the `AWX.postgres.password` value, and any other sensitive values, can be passed in at the command line rather than specified in code. Use the `--set` argument with `helm install`. Supplying the password this way is not recommended for production use, but may be helpful for initial PoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `AWX.postgres` section simplifies the creation of the external postgres secret. If enabled, the configs provided will automatically be placed in a `postgres-config` secret and linked to the `AWX` resource. For proper secret management, the `AWX.postgres.password` value, and any other sensitive values, can be passed in at the command line rather than specified in code. Use the `--set` argument with `helm install`. Supplying the password this way is not recommended for public-facing workloads, but may be helpful for initial PoC.
```

| `customSecrets.cpPullCredentials.dockerconfig[].password` | Password to connect with | - |
| `customSecrets.cpPullCredentials.secretName` |  Name of secret for `image_pull_secrets`| `<resoucename>-cp-pull-credentials` |

> The `customSecrets` section simplifies the creation of our custom secrets used during AWX deployment. Supplying the passwords this way is not recommended for production use, but may be helpful for initial PoC.

Author: Agreed on the public-facing workloads language, I can also specify that the risk is specifically that the secrets will be embedded in the values which can be retrieved from the cluster.

> The `customSecrets` section simplifies the creation of our custom secrets used during AWX deployment. Supplying the passwords this way is not recommended for production use, but may be helpful for initial PoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `customSecrets` section simplifies the creation of our custom secrets used during AWX deployment. Supplying the passwords this way is not recommended for public-facing workloads, but may be helpful for initial PoC.
```
